feat: compatibility mode (#849)
kyma-project/istio: docs/user/00-10-overview-istio-controller.md

```bash
kubectl get all|<resources-kind> -A -l kyma-project.io/module=istio
```

## Compatibility Mode

> You can set Istio Module to work in the compatibility mode by setting IstioCR's `spec.compatibilityMode` field. It let's users to keep possibility to mitigate breaking changes during the Istio bump. Istio Module supports compatibilityVersion one minor back to the current Istio version (eg. Istio module with Istio 1.21.0 applies compatibilityVersion to 1.20). See [Istio Documentation on compatibilityVersion](https://istio.io/latest/docs/setup/additional-setup/compatibility-versions/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable compatibility mode in the Istio module, you can set the **  spec.compatibilityMode** field in the Istio CR. This allows you to mitigate breaking changes when a new release introduces an Istio upgrade. The Istio module supports compatibility with the previous minor version of Istio. For example, the Istio module with Istio 1.21.0 applies a compatibility version of Istio 1.20. For more information, see [Compatibility Versions](https://istio.io/latest/docs/setup/additional-setup/compatibility-versions/).
```

> To enable compatibility mode in the Istio module, you can set the **spec.compatibilityMode** field in the Istio CR. This allows you to mitigate breaking changes when a new release introduces an Istio upgrade. The Istio module supports compatibility with the previous minor version of Istio. For example, the Istio module with Istio 1.21.0 applies a compatibility version of Istio 1.20. For more information, see [Compatibility Versions](https://istio.io/latest/docs/setup/additional-setup/compatibility-versions/).

Author: would you see them listed per Istio version or per Istio Module version?

> To enable compatibility mode in the Istio module, you can set the **spec.compatibilityMode** field in the Istio CR. This allows you to mitigate breaking changes when a new release introduces an Istio upgrade. The Istio module supports compatibility with the previous minor version of Istio. For example, the Istio module with Istio 1.21.0 applies a compatibility version of Istio 1.20. For more information, see [Compatibility Versions](https://istio.io/latest/docs/setup/additional-setup/compatibility-versions/).

Reviewer 2: I think we should just have the current flags mentioned without a reference to the module version, because we will probably have them mentioned as well in the release notes or at least in the What's New, so users can decide rather they want the compatibility mode or not.

```bash
kubectl get all|<resources-kind> -A -l kyma-project.io/module=istio
```

## Compatibility Mode

To enable compatibility mode in the Istio module, you can set the **spec.compatibilityMode** field in the Istio CR. This allows you to mitigate breaking changes when a new release introduces an Istio upgrade. The Istio module applies an opinionated subset of Istio compatibilityVersion, and supports compatibility with the previous minor version of Istio. For example, the Istio module with Istio 1.21.0 applies a compatibility version of Istio 1.20. For more information, see [Compatibility Versions](https://istio.io/latest/docs/setup/additional-setup/compatibility-versions/).

> [!WARNING]

> > In case when previous version behaviour is not compatible with the current mesh setup, turning on the compatibility mode might break some of the configs until the release of the new version is done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you want to use the compatibility mode to retain the current version of Istio when a new version of the Istio module is released, the compatibilityVersion will be first set to a minor version lower than the one you are currently using. If this lower version is not compatible with your current mesh setup, some configurations may be broken until the new release of the Istio module is rolled out.
```
